SECTION A:

1. Mr Kiaga calls the clansmen heathen because they are not Christians.

2. An osu is a person who is considered to be cursed or an outcast.

3. Mr Kiaga does not have negative feelings towards the osu.

4.Okonkwo is furious about the clansmen’s decision to do nothing about the sacred python being killed.

5. The young clansmen dishearten the oldest member of the clan of Mbanta because they are not interested in learning about their traditions.

6. The places of worship for the Christians are churches, and the places of worship for the Igbo are shrines.

7. Three changes in the village of Umuofia are the introduction of Christianity, Western education, and money.

8. Some of the villagers like the changes that have occurred in Umuofia because they believe that they will lead to a better life.

9. Akunna and Mr Brown disagree about Chukwu/God in a few ways. Akunna believes that Chukwu is a spirit who is present in all things, while Mr Brown believes that God is a separate being who exists outside of the world. Akunna believes that Chukwu is a benevolent being who wants what is best for his people, while Mr Brown believes that God is a just being who will punish those who do wrong.

10. Akunna sees two similarities between Mr Brown’s ‘queen’ and Chukwu. First, both are considered to be supreme beings. Second, both are said to be merciful and forgiving.

SECTION B:

In this extract, Obierika is lamenting the impact of colonialism on Igboland. He believes that the white men have come to their land and "put a knife on the things that held us together." He is referring to the traditional Igbo way of life, which has been disrupted by the arrival of the missionaries and the colonial government.
The missionaries have introduced Christianity to Igboland, and many people have converted to the new religion. This has led to a division in the community, as some people have embraced the new religion while others have resisted it. Obierika is one of those who has resisted the missionaries, and he believes that they are responsible for the division in the community.
The colonial government has also had a significant impact on Igboland. The British have imposed their own laws and customs on the people, and they have also taken control of the land. This has led to a loss of independence for the Igbo people, and it has also led to a great deal of resentment.
Obierika is one of the few characters in the novel who is able to see the negative impact of colonialism. He is a wise man, and he understands that the changes that are taking place will have a profound impact on the Igbo people. He is right to be concerned, as the impact of colonialism has been devastating for many countries, including Igboland.
The process of colonization is a complex one, and it can be difficult to understand the full impact that it has on a country or a people. However, in the case of Igboland, it is clear that colonialism has had a negative impact on the culture, the economy, and the people. The traditional Igbo way of life has been disrupted, and the people have been forced to adapt to a new way of life that is not always in their best interests.
The views of different characters in the novel provide a glimpse into the different ways that people have responded to colonialism. Nwoye, Okonkwo's son, is one of the characters who has been most affected by the changes. He has converted to Christianity, and he has abandoned the traditional Igbo way of life. Okonkwo, on the other hand, is a traditionalist who resists the changes that are taking place. He is eventually killed by the British, and his death symbolizes the death of the traditional Igbo way of life.
The impact of colonialism on countries and on Umuofia in the book is profound. The traditional Igbo way of life has been disrupted, and the people have been forced to adapt to a new way of life that is not always in their best interests. The economy has been damaged, and the people have been impoverished. The culture has been eroded, and the people have lost their sense of identity.
The meaning behind the words 'fallen apart' is that the traditional Igbo way of life has been destroyed. The community is no longer united, and the people are no longer sure of their place in the world. The title of the novel, Things Fall Apart, is a reference to the destruction of the traditional 