SECTION A:

1. According to radical ecologists, the most important issue politically is climate change.

2. Radical ecologists believe that human beings are one part of a complex web of interactions in the environment, rather than at the top of a hierarchy of being, which challenges the basic assumptions about how society should be organized. This view is referred to as "anthropocentrism."

3. The hope of Green Capitalism is that by consumers demanding sustainable products and energy, it will promote economic growth in new "green" sectors such as wind power and the development of new technologies. This will help to safeguard the planet from the impacts of climate change, plastic pollution, and over-exploitation of resources.

4. Left-wing radical ecologists believe that the free market causes environmental problems, as it encourages too much consumption. They believe that the solution must be more anti-capitalist, based on ideas in Marxism or anarchism, as they believe that the market is the root cause of environmental problems.

5. The Extinction Rebellion (XR) protestors broke the law because they believed that they had a duty of civil disobedience to make their point and that they were living in a climate emergency that threatened a major extinction event. They believed that sometimes sacrifices had to be made and the law had to be broken in order to bring attention to the urgency of the issue.

SECTION C:

Are humans more important than other species? Why? / Why not?
This depends on one's personal beliefs and values. Some people believe that humans hold a special place in the natural world and have a responsibility to take care of other species and the environment. Others believe that all species are equal and should have equal consideration in decision-making.
Is climate change and extinction really a crisis?
According to a vast majority of scientific research and reports, climate change and species extinction are real crises that are causing significant harm to the planet and its inhabiants.
How well have governments done in tackling environmental issues?
Opinions on the effectiveness of government action on environmental issues vary. Some believe that governments have not done enough to address the urgent challenges posed by climate change and species extinction. Others believe that governments have taken meaningful steps, but more needs to be done.
What legal possibilities are there for campaigners to get their views across?
Campaigners can express their views through lawful means such as peaceful protests, petitioning, and working with advocacy organizations. They can also engage in political processes such as voting, running for office, and participating in public debates.
Is it ever justifiable to break a law?
Whether breaking the law is justifiable or not is a matter of personal belief and can be influenced by a variety of factors, including the reasons for breaking the law, the potential consequences, and the broader social and political context. Some believe that breaking the law can be justified in certain circumstances when it is necessary to bring attention to a critical issue and when lawful means of expression are not effective. Others believe that breaking the law is never justifiable and undermines the rule of law and social order.