Part A: 

1. The Race Relations Act of 1965 was a significant step toward attempting to improve the lives of immigrants and their families in the UK. It made cases of racial discrimination illegal.

2. In the 1980s, riots broke out in the suburbs of Tottenham, Brixton, and Toxteth, mostly because of racist and violent police actions in the context of anger and activism against social inequality.

3. Through public inquiries, legal appeals, and campaigning, some justice was served to Stephen Lawrence and Winston Silcott. Despite having been somewhere else, Winston Silcott was taken into custody during riots in 1985 for the murder of PC Blakelock. He was found guilty after a flawed trial, and it took six years of campaigning to free him. Because the police were not interested in the deaths of young black men in London, neither Stephen Lawrence's case nor his friend's evidence were taken seriously. The MacPherson Report was produced as a result of an investigation and relentless campaigning, particularly by Doreen Lawrence. This declared that the Metropolitan Police was racist as an institution and called for changes to the law, the way police work, and how officers are hired. In the end, two of the murderers were found guilty in 2012.

4. The MacPherson Report stated that the Metropolitan Police was institutionally racist and recommended addressing this issue by altering the law, police procedures, and officer recruitment.

5. According to the Lammy Review, minorities, particularly young black people, were significantly more likely than whites to be mistreated and treated unfairly in policing, the courts, and especially the punishment of offenders. It offered a number of specific suggestions to get rid of this structural racism.

Part C:

The Lammy Review and the MacPherson Report punctuate the felonious justice system's treatment of Black, Asian, and nonage Ethnical( BAME) people as an illustration of institutional racism in the UK in relation to the Stephen Lawrence case. BAME people are more likely to be stopped and searched by police due to their underrepresentation in the captivity population. BAME people face demarcation in the plant as well, where they're underrepresented in leadership places and constantly face walls to advancement.

The gender pay gap in the United Kingdom, in which women generally earn lower than men for the same work, is substantiation of institutional sexism. This is because there are not enough flexible work options for women and hiring and creation practices that distinguish against women. The fact that men hold the maturity of power positions in politics and leadership is another illustration. In addition, there's further plant demarcation against women of color than against white women.

The UK's lack of availability and lodgment for impaired people in structures and public spaces is substantiation of institutional demarcation. impaired people may find it grueling to completely share in society and gain access to essential services as a result. The high severance rate among impaired people and the low plant representation are fresh exemplifications. also, educational and healthcare installations constantly distinguish against impaired individualities.